Update Log In to Astro Topic (#982)
astronomer/docs: astro/log-in-to-astro.md

You can use the Cloud UI and the Astro CLI to view and modify your Workspaces, Deployments, environment variables, tasks, and users. You need to authenticate your user credentials when you're using the Cloud UI or the Astro CLI for development on Astro.

> If your Organization is using an Identity Provider (IdP) or a SAML connection for user authentication, you'll receive an email inviting you to the Organization Workspace. Follow the instructions in the email to access the Cloud UI and your Workspace.

Reviewer: This is not accurate. For Organizations configured with an IdP, a user can go to Cloud UI and login / self-provision an account without being invited.
Alternatively, they can be sent an invite and log in via their IdP as well.

As described under #1 and #2 here: https://github.com/astronomer/docs/issues/979

Author: Removed the statement.

To integrate an IdP with Astro, see [Set up an identity provider](configure-idp.md).

## Prerequisites

- An Astronomer account.
- The [Astro CLI](cli/get-started.md).
- An email address with a domain that matches the domain configured for your Organization. 

## Log in to the Cloud UI

1. Go to `https://cloud.astronomer.io/login`, enter your email address, and then click **Continue**.

2. Select one of the following options to access the Cloud UI:

>     - Enter your password and click **Continue**. If your Organization selected this log in option in your email invitation, your Workspace role is set by your administrator. If you haven't received an email invitation, after you log in you'll need to contact the Organization Owner and ask to be invited to the Organization.

Reviewer: If a user wants to use Basic Auth to log into an Organization they will **need** to be invited first. The Inviter will select an Org role to grant the user as part of the invite.

No Workspace roles are granted as part of this process.

See #3: https://github.com/astronomer/docs/issues/979

Author: Discussed and revised.

>     - To authenticate with an identity provider (IdP), click **Continue with SSO**, enter your username and password, and then click **Sign In**.  If your Organization selected this log in option in your email invitation, your Workspace role is set by your administrator. When you use this option from the Okta or Azure AD dashboard for the first time, you're assigned the Organization Member role.

Reviewer: Email invite is not required to login via SSO as noted above.
Only an Org role will be granted via this method. Workspace roles are not granted as part of this process.

Author: Discussed and resolved.

>     - To authenticate with your GitHub account, click **Continue with GitHub**, enter your username or email address, enter your password, and then click **Sign in**. If your Organization selected this log in option in your email invitation, your Workspace role is set by your administrator. If you haven't received an email invitation, after you log in you'll need to contact the Organization Owner and ask to be invited to the Organization.

Reviewer: Org roles are not granted when logging in via GitHub. The user will need to be invited by their Org Owner to be granted an Org role.

See #3 here: https://github.com/astronomer/docs/issues/979

Author: Discussed and resolved.

Author: Discussed and resolved.

>     - To authenticate with your Google account, click **Continue with Google**, choose an account, enter your username and password, and then click **Sign In**. If your Organization selected this log in option in your email invitation, your Workspace role is set by your administrator. If you haven't received an email invitation, after you log in you'll need to contact the Organization Owner and ask to be invited to the Organization.

Reviewer: Org roles are not granted when logging in via Google. The user will need to be invited by their Org Owner to be granted an Org role.

See #3 here: https://github.com/astronomer/docs/issues/979

Author: Discussed and resolved.

- An Astronomer account.
- The [Astro CLI](cli/get-started.md).
- An email address with a domain that matches the domain configured for your Organization. 

## Log in to the Cloud UI

1. Go to `https://cloud.astronomer.io/login`, enter your email address, and then click **Continue**.

2. Select one of the following options to access the Cloud UI:

>     - Enter your password and click **Continue**. With this log in option, your Organization sends an email invitation to you. Your role is set by the Organization Owner.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Enter your password and click **Continue**. With this log in option, your Organization Owner will need to send an email invitation to you. Your role is set by the Organization Owner.
```

Author: @chomipi88 I have added _Owner_, but not the other text you recommended. We try and follow the recommendation in our style guide and "...use present tense rather than future tense; in particular, (we) try to avoid using _will_ where possible".

    - To authenticate with an identity provider (IdP), click **Continue with SSO**, enter your username and password, and then click **Sign In**.  With this log in option, an invitation is not mandatory. By default, your assigned role is Organization Member after authentication. To integrate an IdP with Astro, see [Set up an identity provider](configure-idp.md).

>     - To authenticate with your GitHub account, click **Continue with GitHub**, enter your username or email address, enter your password, and then click **Sign in**. With this log in option, your Organization sends an email invitation to you. You won't be able to to acces the Organization without an invitation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - To authenticate with your GitHub account, click **Continue with GitHub**, enter your username or email address, enter your password, and then click **Sign in**. With this log in option, your Organization sends an email invitation to you. You won't be able to to access the Organization without an invitation.
```

>     - To authenticate with your GitHub account, click **Continue with GitHub**, enter your username or email address, enter your password, and then click **Sign in**. With this log in option, your Organization sends an email invitation to you. You won't be able to to access the Organization without an invitation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - To authenticate with your GitHub account, click **Continue with GitHub**, enter your username or email address, enter your password, and then click **Sign in**. With this log in option, your Organization Owner will need to send an email invitation to you. You won't be able to to access the Organization without an invitation.
```

Author: @chomipi88 I have added Owner, but not the other text you recommended. We try and follow the recommendation in our style guide and "...use present tense rather than future tense; in particular, (we) try to avoid using will where possible".

>     - To authenticate with your Google account, click **Continue with Google**, choose an account, enter your username and password, and then click **Sign In**. With this log in option, your Organization sends an email invitation to you. You won't be able to to acces the Organization without an invitation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - To authenticate with your Google account, click **Continue with Google**, choose an account, enter your username and password, and then click **Sign In**. With this log in option, your Organization sends an email invitation to you. You won't be able to to access the Organization without an invitation.
```

>     - To authenticate with your Google account, click **Continue with Google**, choose an account, enter your username and password, and then click **Sign In**. With this log in option, your Organization sends an email invitation to you. You won't be able to to access the Organization without an invitation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - To authenticate with your Google account, click **Continue with Google**, choose an account, enter your username and password, and then click **Sign In**. With this log in option, your Organization Owner will need to send an email invitation to you. You won't be able to to access the Organization without an invitation.
```

Author: @chomipi88 I have added Owner, but not the other text you recommended. We try and follow the recommendation in our style guide and "...use present tense rather than future tense; in particular, (we) try to avoid using _will_ where possible".
